This little rice thief is no one else.
It's Xiao Ming who starved to death by you the year before last.
That's not possible.
I'll throw him into the wild myself
His body was freezing cold
Normally
A person does not eat or drink
As long as you don't exercise vigorously, you can stick to it for 3-5 days.
How could he die in two days?
I guess this Xiao Ming
There must be some special medicine
It can cause people to experience suspended animation.
When the time is right
Give him the antidote with red fire
Then how did he bite off my blue silk soft armor?
This person should not have left the villa yet
We can see at a glance when we catch it
You're awake
Well, the fever's gone.
Take two more days off and you'll be alive and kicking
You really went to help that female creditor solve the case
Yeah what's wrong
Hey
What's your trouble?